<p>I will be making a mobile app game that is similar to Subway Surfers. It is a game where there will be a person running trying to avoid all obstacles and avoiding it is by flicking right or left or jumping by flicking up (touch screen). </p> 
<p>I will use two libraries to be able to create the game: kivy and pygame. Kivy is a library where it is able to transfer the game to a mobile app and adding touch screen, etc. Pygame is a library where I will be able to do a game. I will code the game on pygame then transfer the code to kivy. One of the main features is that it will use a touch screen to play it. Also, it will be able to do record previous high scores and if there is a new best high score it will rewrite it. Moreover, I would like to add coins where it would add to the score. Furthermore, I would like to add some feature where I would be able to change characters. Hopefully, if I had time, I want to add gyroscope as a feature as well.</p>
<p>The user interface would be a simple 2D game. It would look like a classic vintage game. In a way, it would be portrait view so it would not be sideways but it would be front view. By that, I mean the player would see the character’s back and the road in front of the character as well as obstacles.</p>
<p>Hopefully by November 13th, I would have the game working on mobile with most of features like touch screen, coin would be considered as a score, and it would record past high scores. If I had time, I would add a feature where it would be able to change characters.</p>

<p>-Haya Al Kuwari</p>
